doc/dev: document when soft failures are used for soc2/gn-106 (#30018)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: doc/dev/background-information/continuous_integration.md

sg ci preview
```

### Soft failures

<span class="badge badge-note">SOC2/GN-106</span>

> Many steps in Sourcegraph's Buildkite pipelines allow for [soft failures](https://buildkite.com/changelog/56-command-steps-can-now-be-made-to-soft-fail), which means that even if they fail they do not cause the entire build to be failed.

Reviewer: Can we include a screenshot of a soft failure? On multiple occasions, their appearance differing only with the addition of a colorless ⚠️ made people confused. By showing it here, we could address it, at least partially.

Author: Yes!

Reviewer 2: Thank you so much for the "which means . . ." clause! It's really helpful to me to have that kind of "translation," and I'm sure it is for others too . . .

We use soft failures for the following reasons only:

- Steps that determine whether a subsequent step should run, where soft failures are the only technical way to communicate that a later step should be skipped in this manner using Buildkite.
  - Examples: [hash comparison steps that determine if a build should run](https://sourcegraph.com/search?q=context:%40sourcegraph/all+repo:%5Egithub%5C.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph%24+file:%5Eenterprise/dev/ci/internal/ci/operations%5C.go+compare-hash.sh&patternType=literal)

> - Regular analysis tasks, where soft failures serve as an monitoring indicator to warn the team responsible for fixing issues.

Reviewer: The security team communicated about this differently: the soft failures on those checks are soft failures, for now, to get the various teams familiarized with them. 

In the long run, they will become real failures. I think the point below about experimental work covers it.

Author: Are you talking about Checkov, or the vulnerability scanning below (for Sourcegraph images), or both? (currently link to the latter, but I realize I should mention the former as well, and want to confirm this is the case for both)

In the latter, for context, the wording is like this:

> The Trivy scanning step will [soft fail](#soft-failures). Note that soft failures **do not fail builds or block deployments**. They simply highlight the failing step for further analysis

To me this doesn't indicate that there are plans explicitly to make this a hard failure?

Reviewer: Both actually, but I may remember things incorrectly there or it has changed since then. To be clear, this is not preventing merging in any way, I was merely pointing at potentially incomplete info!

Author: I added a mention of Checkov further down, since I do recall _that_ has a firm roadmap towards becoming for a hard failure. I will keep the Trivy scanning as an example here of a monitoring soft fail, because the language in the Trivy section indicates as such - WDYT?

  - Examples: [vulnerability scanning](#vulnerability-scanning), linting tasks for catching deprecation warnings

> - Temporary exceptions to accomodate xperimental or in-progress work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Temporary exceptions to accommodate experimental or in-progress work.
```
